com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/LayoutBase.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.LayoutBase
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/PoleZeroPair.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.PoleZeroPair
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/DirectFormAbstract.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DirectFormAbstract
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/AboutApp.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.AboutApp
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/LowPassTransform.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.LowPassTransform
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Matrix.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Matrix
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Login.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Login
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/First.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.First
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Maths.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Maths
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/BiquadPoleState.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.BiquadPoleState
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/DirectFormI.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DirectFormI
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Bessel.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Bessel
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Bessel$AnalogLowPass
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/O2Process.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.O2Process
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.O2Process$1
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.O2Process$2
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/HighPassTransform.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.HighPassTransform
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/StartVitalSigns.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.StartVitalSigns
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Fft2.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Fft2
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/O2Result.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.O2Result
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/BandStopTransform.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.BandStopTransform
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Fft.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Fft
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/ImageProcessing.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.ImageProcessing
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Butterworth.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Butterworth
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Butterworth$AnalogLowPass
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/MathSupplement.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.MathSupplement
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/DirectFormII.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DirectFormII
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BuildConfig
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/UserDB.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.UserDB
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.user
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Cascade.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Cascade
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/HeartRateResult.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.HeartRateResult
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/BloodPressureProcess.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BloodPressureProcess
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BloodPressureProcess$1
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BloodPressureProcess$2
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/HeartRateProcess.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.HeartRateProcess
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.HeartRateProcess$1
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.HeartRateProcess$2
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/ComplexPair.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.ComplexPair
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/BandPassTransform.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.BandPassTransform
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/BloodPressureResult.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BloodPressureResult
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.BloodPressureResult$1
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/ConcurrencyUtils.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.ConcurrencyUtils
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.ConcurrencyUtils$1
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.ConcurrencyUtils$CustomExceptionHandler
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.ConcurrencyUtils$CustomThreadFactory
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Primary.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Primary
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Biquad.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Biquad
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/DoubleFft1d.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$1
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$10
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$11
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$12
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$13
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$14
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$15
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$16
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$17
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$18
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$2
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$3
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$4
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$5
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$6
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$7
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$8
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$9
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.DoubleFft1d$Plans
com/example/alpha/HEALTH_TRACKER/Math/Vector.java
 com.example.alpha.HEALTH_TRACKER.Math.Vector
